The cheapness of a Nancy.
I think it could be 5 analytics.
You could do a you could do an analytic
focus on verticals.
Essentially an anti commoditize.
Or utilized A commoditized approach to
everything about the implementation,
except the soft, squishy stuff.
Talking to ministries about their data,
confirming update cycles,
understanding the the actual challenges
around why a website may take long to get
updated versus how quickly social media
gets updated.
I it's it's just.
You know what they're trying to do and
optimize for that activity.
Are you trying to rebuild tragicity?
Travel and do it cheaply.
I mean,
I I guess you don't need to say much when
you think about what deep seed them. Well,
whatever the name of the company is that
did deep seed. That's that thing.
That's that mentality.
We're trying to get people to appreciate
that.
If we step away from the technology and
step into the solution,
will you run after someone to make them
pay more money just so you could feel
good as a technical technical
implementation?
I mean,
I don't think anybody reasonable will say
yes to that.
the exploits you talk about were threat.